Alright, so let's go through the
solution to the mini challenge, that I
added at the end of the last video. And
how did you get on? Did you manage to
complete it? The reality is, that adding a
new item involves far more work than it should.
We have to make three changes to
the program, so let's go through and add
the option to the menu first. So I'm
coming down and adding an option to
option 6, down here, which is our hdmi
cable: print parentheses double quotes
6 : hdmi cable, and we've got a double quote
and a right parenthesis. Next, we have to
include a test for when the customer
chooses item 6 - that'll be here. So we'll
add an elif there: elif current_choice
is equal to - two equal signs - and
6 in single quotes and a colon.
Then we'll do a computer_parts.append and in parentheses, we're going to add hdmi cable.
So that's the second change. The
program still won't work, though,
and that's because - if we go back up to line
five here - we check that the choice is in 1,
2, 3, 4, 5. If we were happy to lose line 6 -
the line that prints the choice being
added - then we could delete line 5 as
well, but if we want to keep that print
statement, we need to add 6 to the string,
on line 5. I'm going to do that.
Let's test the program to make sure that we can add an hdmi cable. I'm gonna add another
item first - a computer, adding one. Let's
do 6, adding hdmi cable. Let's exit the
program now, and you can see we've now
got a computer and a hdmi cable.
Alright, so that works, but I think you'd
agree it was much harder than it should
have been. This code - the way it's been
coded - isn't very easy to maintain.
So it would certainly be much neater if we
could just add new items to a list and
have everything else just work. Can we do
that? Of course we can, and this is a good
way to see how useful lists can be, and
we'll start improving our code to achieve
that, in the next video.